[Logs] Updates log parameters (#17748)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/http.mdx

    * `destination_conf` may have more URL parameters in addition to special `"header_*"` parameters.
      * Non URL-encoded special characters will be encoded when uploading.
    * Example: `https://logs.example.com?header_Authorization=Basic%20REDACTED&tags=host:theburritobot.com,dataset:http_requests`

>   * **max\_upload\_bytes** (optional): The maximum uncompressed file size of a batch of logs. This setting value must be between 5MB and 1GB. Note that you cannot set a minimum file size; this means that log files may be much smaller than this batch size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **max\_upload\_bytes** (optional): The maximum uncompressed file size of a batch of logs. This setting value must be between 5 MB and 1 GB. Note that you cannot set a minimum file size; this means that log files may be much smaller than this batch size.
```

>   * **max\_upload\_records** (optional): The maximum number of log lines per batch. This setting must be between 1000 and 1,000,000 lines. Note that you cannot to specify a minimum number of log lines per batch; this means that log files may contain many fewer lines than this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **max\_upload\_records** (optional): The maximum number of log lines per batch. This setting must be between 1,000 and 1,000,000 lines. Note that you cannot to specify a minimum number of log lines per batch; this means that log files may contain many fewer lines than this.
```
